{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{}Symbol;}{\f28\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{}CG Times (W1);}
{\f34\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f35\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f37\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f38\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f40\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f41\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f45\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f50\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f53\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f54\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f56\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red0\green0\blue255 ;\red0\green255\blue255 ;\red0\green255\blue0 ;\red255\green0\blue255 ;\red255\green0\blue0 ;
\red255\green255\blue0 ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red0\green0\blue128 ;\red0\green128\blue128 ;\red0\green128\blue0 ;\red128\green0\blue128 ;\red128\green0\blue0 ;\red128\green128\blue0 ;\red128\green128\blue128 ;\red192\green192\blue192 ;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb962\sa1682\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs48\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext2 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext16 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext16 heading 3;}{\s4\ql \li0\ri0\sb40\sa40\keepn\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\ql \li0\ri0\sb340\widctlpar\b\f1\fs28\lang1033 
\sbasedon15 \snext18 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext15 Heading Base;}{
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\tx360\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext17 List;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb115\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext18 Definition;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon16 \snext19 Body Text Table;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb115\widctlpar\f28\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext20 BodyTable;}{
\s21\qr \li0\ri0\sb242\sa722\widctlpar\b\f1\fs72\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext21 Title;}{
\s22\qr \li0\ri0\sb242\sa722\widctlpar\b\f1\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon21 \snext22 ByLine;}{\s23\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\tx360\tx720\i\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext16 caption;}{\s24\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext24 Code Base;}{\s25\ql \li720\ri0\sb100\sa40\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon24 \snext25 CodeExplained;}{\*\cs26 \additive D2HNoGloss;}{\s27\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sa60\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\tx720 
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext23 Figures;}{\s28\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sa60\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\tx720 
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon27 \snext28 Figures Table;}{\s29\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext29 
Header Base;}{\s30\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tx9720\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon29 \snext30 footer;}{
\s31\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tx9720\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon30 \snext31 footer even;}{
\s32\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tx9720\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon30 \snext32 footer odd;}{
\s33\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqr\tx9720\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon29 \snext33 header;}{\s34\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar 
\tqr\tx9720\b\f1\fs18\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext34 header even;}{\s35\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqr\tx9720 
\b\f1\fs18\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext35 header odd;}{\s36\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext36 
Index Base;}{\s37\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon36 \snext0 index 1;}{
\s38\ql \li360\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon36 \snext0 index 2;}{
\s39\ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon36 \snext0 index 3;}{
\s40\ql \li0\ri0\sb302\sa122\widctlpar\b\f1\fs22\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext37 index heading;}{\s41\ql \li0\ri0\sa60\sl280\slmult0 
\widctlpar\f1\fs20\uldb\lang1033\sbasedon70 \snext41 Jump;}{\s42\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa20\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs22\cf2\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext41 RelatedHead;}{\s43\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa20\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\b\f1\fs22\cf2\lang1033\sbasedon42 \snext43 Keyword Link;}{\s44\ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\tx720 
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon17 \snext44 List 2;}{\s45\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\tx720 
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon17 \snext45 List Table;}{\s46\ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\tx720 
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon44 \snext46 List 2 Table;}{\s47\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec }
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext47 List Bullet;}{\s48\ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec }
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext48 List Bullet 2;}{\s49\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec }
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext49 List Number;}{\s50\ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec }
\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext50 List Number 2;}{\s51\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sa60\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\i\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext51 Margin Note;}{\s52\ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext52 Normal Indent;}{\s53\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa180\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f1\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon16 \snext53 Note;}{\s54\ql \li720\ri0\sl280\slmult0\keep\widctlpar\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon24 \snext54 Source;}{\s55\ql \li720\ri0\sb115\sl280\slmult0\keep\widctlpar 
\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\f2\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon54 \snext55 SourceTop;}{
\s56\qr \li1440\ri0\sb960\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw120\brsp20 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon21 \snext56 SuperTitle;}{\s57\ql \li0\ri0\sl-20\slmult0 
\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext0 TableBorder;}{\s58\ql \li72\ri72\sb60\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext58 TableHeading;}{\s59\ql \li72\ri72\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\f1\fs18\lang1033 
\sbasedon16 \snext59 TableText;}{\s60\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext60 TOC Base;}{
\s61\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa120\widctlpar\b\f1\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon60 \snext0 toc 1;}{
\s62\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\f1\fs22\uldb\lang1033\sbasedon60 \snext0 toc 2;}{
\s63\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon60 \snext0 toc 3;}{
\s64\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar\b\f1\fs48\lang1033\sbasedon15 \snext64 TOCTitle;}{\*\cs65 \additive \sbasedon10 HTML;}{
\s66\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\tx720\i\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon23 \snext66 CaptionTable;}{\*\cs67 \additive \fs16\up6 \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\sbasedon0 \snext68 footnote text;}{\s69\ql \li0\ri0\sb40\sa40\sl280\slmult0 
\widctlpar\f1\fs22\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext69 GlossaryTerm;}{\s70\ql \li0\ri0\sa60\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\f1\fs20\uldb\lang1033\sbasedon16 \snext70 Jump Base;}{\s71\ql \li0\ri0\sb20\sa60\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs22\uldb\lang1033\sbasedon70 \snext71 Jump from Contents;}{\s72\ql \li0\ri0\sa60\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar 
\f1\fs20\uldb\lang1033\sbasedon70 \snext72 Jump from List;}{\s73\ql \li2160\ri720\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon63 \snext0 toc 4;}{\*\cs74 \additive \sbasedon10 D2HTopicID;}{\*\cs75 \additive \sbasedon10 D2HNoHeading;}}{}{}{\info{\title Spelling Checker Dialog help}{\author Phil Comeau}{\operator Phil Comeau}{\creatim\yr1999\mo7\dy16\hr11\min11}
{\revtim\yr1999\mo7\dy16\hr11\min11}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2614}{\nofchars12812}{\*\company WexTech Systems, Inc.}{}{\vern8247}}\margl1440\margr1080 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\fet0{\*\template 
C:\\WINDOWS\\Application Data\\Microsoft\\Templates\\D2H_HELP.dot}\sectd \linex0\headery504\endnhere{\header \pard\plain \s33\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqr\tx9720 
\f1\fs20\lang1033{
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s30\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqr\tx9720\f1\fs20\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst {TITLE}
}{\fldrslt {Spelling Checker Dialog help}}}{\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {STYLEREF "1"}}{\fldrslt {\b\lang1024 Error! No text of specified style in document.}}}{  }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol"}}{\fldrslt }}{  }
{\field{\*\fldinst {PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 1}}}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s64\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar 
\b\f1\fs48\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{
\cs67\fs16\up6 #}{ HelpContents1}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 $}{ Contents}}}{ }{
\cs67\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 K}{ Contents}}}{ }{Contents
\par }\pard\plain \s61\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa120\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9710\b\f1\fs28\lang1033{\lang1024 Spelling Checker}{
\b0\f0\fs24\lang1024 
\par }\pard\plain \s71\ql \li0\ri0\sb20\sa60\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs22\uldb\lang1033{\lang1024 Check-Spelling Dialog}{
\v\lang1024 Check.SpellingDialog>Main}{\f0\fs24\ulnone\lang1024 
\par }{\lang1024 Dictionaries Dialog}{\v\lang1024 DictionariesDialog>Main}{\f0\fs24\ulnone\lang1024 
\par }{\lang1024 Options Dialog}{\v\lang1024 OptionsDialog>Main}{\f0\fs24\ulnone\lang1024 
\par }{\lang1024 New Dictionary Dialog}{\v\lang1024 NewDictionaryDialog>Main}{\f0\fs24\ulnone\lang1024 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar\b\f1\fs32\lang1033{{\*\bkmkstart _Ref433167486}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref433167638}
{\*\bkmkstart _Toc456757699}\page }{\cs67\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 #}{ Check.SpellingDialog}
}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 $}{ Check-Spelling Dialog}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 K}{
 Check-Spelling Dialog;Add button;Add Words To list;Ignore All button;user dictionary;Dictionaries button;Cancel button;Capitalization box;Change button;Ignore button;skipping words;Change All button;
Consider Changing box;Delete button;Not in dictionary box;Options button;Suggest button;Suggestions;Suggestions list;Undo button;Undo Edit button}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 +}{ SECTION:0000}}}{ }{Check-Spelling Dialog{\*\bkmkend _Ref433167486}{\*\bkmkend _Ref433167638}
{\*\bkmkend _Toc456757699}
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033{The Check-Spelling Dialo
g appears if a word requiring your attention is detected. You can use the dialog to specify whether the word should be ignored or replaced.
\par Note that the labels of some buttons and text boxes in the dialog change according to the context.
\par }{\b Add }{button: Cause
s the reported word to be added to the dictionary selected in the Add Words To list. Use the add button if a correctly spelled word you use often is reported as a misspelling (e.g., your family name). If the word is not used frequently, you may want to se
lect the Ignore or Ignore All buttons instead. This button is enabled only if a user dictionary has been selected in the Add Words To list.
\par }{\b Add Words To }{list: Indicates which user dictionary words will be added to when you select the Add button. The Add Words To list shows all user dictionaries currently open. You can open or close other dictionaries via the  }{\uldb 
Dictionaries Dialog}{\v\uldb DictionariesDialog>Main}{, which is accessible by selecting the Dictionaries button.
\par }{\b Cancel }{button: Stops the current spelling check.
\par }{\b Capitalization}{
 box: Contains an uncapitalized word that exists in the dictionaries in capitalized form only. You can edit the word in this box or select a suggestion from the list, then click the Change button to correct the word, or press the Ignore butto
n to skip the word.
\par }{\b Change }{button: Causes the reported word to be replaced. If the problem word was edited, the edited word is used as the replacement. Otherwise, the selected suggestion is used as the replacement. Only this occurrence of the reported word
 is replaced. If you want this and all following occurrences of the word replaced, select the Change All button.
\par }{\b Change All }{button: Causes this and all following occurrences of the reported word to be replaced. If the problem word was edited, the edited wo
rd is used as the replacement. Otherwise, the selected suggestion is used as the replacement. If you want only this occurrence of the word to be replaced, use the Change button. If the reported word is one you frequently misspell, you might consider addin
g it to a user dictionary via the  }{\uldb Dictionaries Dialog}{\v\uldb DictionariesDialog>Main}{. You can display the Dictionaries dialog by selecting the Dictionaries button.
\par }{\b Consider Changing }{box: Contains a word which may be misspelled or otherwise incorrect, and is presented with a candidate replacement word. You can change the word by selecting the Change button, or skip it by selecting the Ignore button.
\par }{\b Delete}{ button: Removes the word from the text. This button appears when a doubled word has been detected, or when the contents of the problem-word box are deleted.
\par }{\b Dictionaries }{button: Causes the }{\uldb Dictionaries Dialog}{\v\uldb DictionariesDialog>Main}{ to be displayed. You can use the Dictionaries dialog to open or close user dictionaries, and to edit the contents of user dictionaries.
\par }{\b Ignore }{button: Causes this occurrence of a misspelled word to be skipped. If the same misspelled word appears later, it will be reported again.
\par }{\b Ignore All }{button: Causes this and all further occurrences of a misspelled word to be skipped. You might use th
is button if the word reported as a misspelling is actually spelled correctly. If the word is one you use frequently, you may wish to ignore it permanently by selecting the Add button.
\par }{\b Not in dictionary}{ box: Indicates that a misspelled word was detected. T
he word is considered misspelled because it could not be located in any open dictionaries, or was marked with an exclude action.  You can edit the word in this box or select a suggestion from the list, then click the Change button to correct the word, or 
press the Ignore button to skip the word.
\par }{\b Options}{ button: Displays the  }{\uldb Options Dialog}{\v\uldb OptionsDialog>Main}{. You can use the Options dialog to set spelling-checker options. 
\par }{\b Suggest}{ button: Search more thoroughly for suggested replacements for the current misspelled word. Each time you press the Suggest button, a "deeper" search is made. The Suggest button is disabled once all possible suggestions have been located.

\par }{\b Suggestions}{ list: Contains a list of suggested replacements for the word reported as misspelled.
 Subsequent presses of the Suggest button may yield more suggestions. The word selected in the Suggestions list will be used as the replacement when the Change or Change All buttons are pressed, unless the word in the problem box was edited.
\par }{\b Undo}{ button: Removes the last change made. The Undo button can be pressed several times to remove the last several changes.
\par }{\b Undo Edit}{ button: Remove any changes made to the text in the problem box. This button appears only if the text in the problem box has been changed.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar\b\f1\fs32\lang1033{{\*\bkmkstart _Ref433161665}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc456757700}\page }{
\cs67\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 #}{ DictionariesDialog}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 $}{ Dictionaries Dialog}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 K}{ Dictionaries Dialog;user dictionary;Action list;Au
to change (use case of checked word);Auto change (use case of other word);Conditionally change (use case of checked word);Conditionally change (use case of other word);Exclude (treat as misspelled);Suggestions;Files list;skipping words;Ignore (skip);Add F
ile button;New button;Add Word button;Words list;Close button;Delete Word button;Export button;Import button;Language;Other Word box;Remove File button}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 +}{ SECTION:0005}}}{ }{Dictionaries Dialog{\*\bkmkend _Ref433161665}{\*\bkmkend _Toc456757700}

\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033{
The Dictionaries Dialog allows you to open and close user dictionaries, and to edit the contents of an open user dictionary. The contents of dictionaries are saved in disk files. You can open some or all of your user dictiona
ry files at any time. Only open dictionaries are searched during a spelling check.
\par }{\b Action}{ list: Used to select an action that is associated with words in the dictionary. The action tells the spelling checker what to do when it finds a word in the dictionary. The following actions can be selected:
\par }{\b Auto change (use case of checked word)}{: This action allows you to automatically replace one word with another. For example, if you often type }{\i recieve}{ instead of }{\i receive}{, you might enter the word }{\i recieve}{ with }{\i receive}{
 as the other word and "Auto change (use case of checked word)" as the action. The spelling checker will automatically correct }{\i recieve}{ wherever it appears. If }{\i recieve}{ was capitalized (}{\i Recieve}{
), the spelling checker would automatically replace it with }{\i Receive}{. Note that the replacement is made automatically only if the "Auto Change" option is enabled (see the }{\uldb Options Dialog}{\v\uldb OptionsDialog>Main}{
 for information on the Auto Change option).
\par }{\b Auto change (use case of other word)}{: This action allows you to automatic
ally replace one word with another, always with the same case pattern as the other word. This action is useful for automatically expanding abbreviations. For example, you could enter the word }{\i TBD}{ with }{\i to be determined}{
 as the other word and "Auto change (use case of other word)" as the action. The spelling checker will automatically replace }{\i TBD}{ with }{\i to be determined}{
 wherever it appears. Note that the replacement is made automatically only if the "Auto Change" option is enabled (see the }{\uldb Options Dialog}{\v\uldb OptionsDialog>Main}{ for information on the Auto Change option).
\par }{\b Conditionally change (use case of checked word)}{: This action allows you to optionally replace one word with another. For example, if you often type }{\i recieve}{ instead of }{\i receive}{, you might enter the word }{\i recieve}{ with }{\i receive}
{ as the other word and "Auto change (use case of checked word)" as the action. The spelling checker will ask if you want to replace }{\i recieve}{ with }{\i receive}{. If }{\i recieve}{ was capitalized (}{\i Recieve}{
), the spelling checker would ask if you wanted to replace it with }{\i Receive}{.
\par }{\b Conditionally change (use case of other word)}{: This action allows you to optionally replace one word with another, always with the same case pattern as the other word. This action is useful for optionally expanding abbreviation
s. For example, you could enter the word }{\i TBD}{ with }{\i to be determined}{ as the other word and "Conditionally change (use case of other word)" as the action. The spelling checker will ask if you want to replace }{\i TBD}{ with }{\i 
to be determined}{.
\par }{\b Exclude (treat as misspelled)}{
: This action tells the spelling checker that the word is misspelled, even if it is listed in another dictionary. Words marked with this action will never be offered as suggestions for misspelled words, and they will be reported as misspellings when t
hey are encountered by the spelling checker. Note that the spelling checker looks up words in user dictionaries in the order in which they appear in the Files list. If you want to exclude a word, make sure it doesn't appear in a previous user dictionary.

\par }{\b Ignore (skip)}{: This action tells the spelling checker that the word is spelled correctly, and so can be skipped over. This is the most common action.
\par }{\b Add File}{ button: Opens a user dictionary file. When you select the Add File button, a dialog appears which 
you can use to select the dictionary file to open. The set of open dictionary files is remembered, so once you add a dictionary file you don't need to add it again. If you need to create a new user dictionary, use the New button. You can open other applic
ations' user dictionary files.
\par }{\b Add Word}{ button: Causes the word entered in the edit area of the Words list to be added to the currently selected dictionary. The currently selected action and other word are associated with the word. You can use the Add Word 
button to change the action or other word associated with a word. Note that the Add Word button is enabled only when a new word is typed in the edit area of the Words list. The words you add may contain virtually any character, but only words which contai
n embedded periods should have trailing periods (e.g., }{\i U.S.A.}{ is OK, but }{\i USA.}{ is not).
\par }{\b Close }{button: Closes the Dictionaries dialog.
\par }{\b Delete Word}{ button: Causes the word appearing in the edit area of the Words list to be removed from the currently selected dictionary. The associated action and other word are also removed.
\par }{\b Export}{ button: Saves the contents of the currently selected dictionary to a text file. When you select the Export button, a dialog appears which you can use to select the name of the text fi
le to which words in the dictionary will be exported. The words are written to the file one per line.
\par }{\b Files }{list: Contains the list of open dictionary files. When you select a file from the list, its contents are displayed in the Words list.
\par }{\b Import}{ button:
 Adds the words contained within a text file to the currently selected dictionary. When you select the Import button, a dialog appears which you can use to select the text file to be imported. Each word in the selected file is loaded into the dictionary. 
Note that importing a large list of words may take some time.
\par }{\b Language}{: Displays the language (e.g., English or French) of the words in the currently selected dictionary.
\par }{\b New}{ button: Creates a new user dictionary file. When you select the New button, a dialog appears which you can use to specify attributes of the new dictionary. See the }{\uldb New Dictionary Dialog}{\v\uldb NewDictionaryDialog>Main}{ for details.

\par }{\b Other Word}{ box: Contains an alternate word associated with the currently selected word. The other word is used in t
he "Auto change" and "Conditionally change" actions to supply a replacement word. You can enter more than one word in the Other Word box, but the total length should be limited to 63 characters.
\par }{\b Remove File }{button: Closes the currently selected dictionary file. Closed dictionaries are not checked during a spelling check. Although the file is closed, it is not deleted. Closed dictionary files can be later reopened using the Add File button.

\par }{\b Words }{list: Contains the list of words in the currently selected user dictionary.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar\b\f1\fs32\lang1033{{\*\bkmkstart _Ref433163084}{\*\bkmkstart _Ref433165988}
{\*\bkmkstart _Ref433166462}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc456757701}\page }{\cs67\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{
\cs67\fs16\up6 #}{ OptionsDialog}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 $}{ Options Dialog}}}{
 }{\cs67\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 K}{
 Options Dialog;Ignore Capitalized Words;skipping words;
Ignore All-Caps Words;Ignore Words with Numbers;Ignore Words with Mixed Case;Ignore Domain Names;Report Doubled Words - ;Case Sensitive;Suggestions;Phonetic Suggestions;Typographical Suggestions;Suggest Split Words;Auto Correct;Main Dictionary Language;La
nguage;Suggest button;Cancel button}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 +}{ SECTION:0010}}}
{ }{Options Dialog{\*\bkmkend _Ref433163084}{\*\bkmkend _Ref433165988}{\*\bkmkend _Ref433166462}{\*\bkmkend _Toc456757701}
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033{
You can use the Options Dialog to specify various spelling-checker options. These options affect the way the spelling checker operates.
\par }{\b Ignore Capitalized Words}{: When enabled, any words beginning with a capital letter are ignored (i.e., are skipped over without being checked). You might enable this option if the text being checked contains many proper names.
\par }{\b Ignore All-Caps Words}{: When enabled, any words containing all capital letters are ignored (i.e., are skipped without being checked). You might enable this option if the text being checked contains many acronyms.
\par }{\b Ignore Words with Numbers}{: When enabled, any words containing embedded digits are ignored (i.e., are skipped without being checked). Examples of such words include }{\i Win95}{ and }{\i Q4}{
. You might enable this option if the text being checked contains many code words or other symbols containing digits.
\par }{\b Ignore Words with Mixed Case}{: When enabled, any words containing an unusual mixture of upper- and lower-case letters are ignored (i.e., are skipped without being checked). Examples of such words include }{\i MicroHouse}{ and }{\i CapsLock}{
. You might enable this option if the text being checked contains many variable names or other symbols which use case changes to distinguish words.
\par }{\b Ignore Domain Names}{: When enabled, any words that appear to be Internet domain names (such as }{\i wintertree-software.com}{) are ignored (i.e., are skipped without being checked).
\par }{\b Report Doubled Words}{: When enabled, any word appearing twice in a row is reported via the  }{\uldb Check-Spelling Dialog}{\v\uldb Check.SpellingDialog>Main}{.
\par }{\b Case Sensitive}{: When enabled, a distinction is made between capitalized and non-capitalized words. For example, }{\i canada}{ is considered different from }{\i Canada}{, so }{\i canada}{ would be reported as a misspelling
. When the option is disabled, }{\i canada}{ and }{\i Canada}{ are considered identical. Note that the performance of the spelling checker will be reduced if this option is disabled.
\par }{\b Phonetic Suggestions}{: When enabled, suggestions are made based on phonetic (sounds-like
) similarity to the misspelled word. This option tends to improve suggestions for badly misspelled words. Enabling this option will increase the time required to locate suggestions. Note that either this option or the Typographical Suggestions option must
 be enabled or no suggestions will be offered.
\par }{\b Typographical Suggestions}{: When enabled, suggestions are made based on typographical (looks-like) similarity to the misspelled word. This option is appropriate for people who are generally good spellers. Note t
hat either this option or the Phonetic Suggestions option must be enabled or no suggestions will be offered.
\par }{\b Suggest Split Words}{: When enabled, two separate words will be suggested as a replacement for a misspelling containing two joined words. For example, }{\i is the}{ would be suggested as a replacement for }{\i isthe}{.
\par }{\b Auto Correct: }{When enabled, words marked with "Auto Change" actions will automatically be changed to their specified replacements. When disabled, you will be prompted before the words are changed.
\par }{\b\cf1 Main Dictionary Language}{
: This option allows you to set the language of the main dictionary used to check spelling. The list shows only languages for which dictionaries are installed on your system. To check spelling in a different language, select the language in the list.}{\b 

\par Suggestions:}{ Determines the speed and accuracy of the initial search for suggested replacements for misspelled words. When a misspelled word is detected, a search is automatically made for suggestions. This option controls the speed and acc
uracy of this automatic search. Pressing the Suggest button in the }{\uldb Check-Spelling Dialog}{\v\uldb Check.SpellingDialog>Main}{ causes an increasingly more accurate (but slower) search for suggestions.}{\b 
\par OK }{button: Closes the Options Dialog, and saves any changes made to the option settings.
\par }{\b Cancel }{button: Closes the Options Dialog, and discards any changes made to the option settings.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb180\sa140\keepn\widctlpar\b\f1\fs32\lang1033{{\*\bkmkstart _Ref433162859}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc456757702}\page }{
\cs67\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 #}{ NewDictionaryDialog}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 $}{ New Dictionary Dialog}}}{ }{\cs67\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 K}{ New Dictionary Dialog;user dictionary;Browse button;Cancel button;File Name box;Language}}}{ }{
\cs67\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s68\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\b\f1\fs20\lang1033{\cs67\fs16\up6 +}{ SECTION:0015}}}{ }{New Dictionary Dialog
{\*\bkmkend _Ref433162859}{\*\bkmkend _Toc456757702}
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sl280\slmult0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033{
You can use the New Dictionary Dialog to specify the attributes of a new user dictionary.
\par }{\b Browse }{button: Displays a dialog that shows the names of other user dictionary files. You can use the dialog to view the names of existing dictionary files, and to enter the name of the new dictionary file.
\par }{\b Cancel }{button: Closes the New Dictionary Dialog without creating a new dictionary.
\par }{\b File Name }{box: Contains the name of the disk file used to hold the contents of the new dictionary. You can enter a name here or use the Browse button to display a dialog showing the names of other dictionary files.
\par }{\b Language }{list: Specifies the language (e.g., French, English) of the words the new user dictionary will contain. If the language you want to use is not listed, select "Any."
\par }{\b OK}{ button: Closes the New Dictionary Dialog and creates the new dictionary.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\f1\fs20\lang1033{
\par }}